bib entry on creation ready to add to central bib file .. could be deleted thereafter. (#107)
lsst/templates: project_templates/test_report/{{cookiecutter.series.upper()}}-{{cookiecutter.serial_number}}/bibentry.txt

> % suitable for addiiotn to lsst.bib in lsst-texmf/tex/bib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% bibentry template for lsst.bib in https://github.com/lsst/lsst-texmf/blob/master/texmf/bibtex/bib/lsst.bib
```

@DocuShare{ {{- cookiecutter.series.upper() -}}-{{- cookiecutter.serial_number -}},
   author = { {{ cookiecutter.author }} },
    title = { {{- cookiecutter.title -}} },
     year = {% now 'local', '%Y' %},
    month = {% now 'local', '%b' %},
   handle = { {{- cookiecutter.series.upper() -}}-{{- cookiecutter.serial_number -}} },

>       url = {https://{{- cookiecutter.series.upper() -}}-{{- cookiecutter.serial_number -}}.lsst.io } }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      url = {https://{{- cookiecutter.series.lower() -}}-{{- cookiecutter.serial_number -}}.lsst.io } }
```
